doc: wifi: Move Regulatory Certification Testing doc to NCS (#21024)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/wifi/regulatory_certification/radio_test_short_range_sample/ble_radio_test_for_per_measurements.rst

.. _ug_ble_radio_test_per_measurements:

Using the Bluetooth Low Energy Radio test for PER measurements
##############################################################

> A :term:`Packet Error Rate (PER)` measurement can be performed using the Radio test sample running on two nRF7002 :term:`Development Kit (DK)` or :term:`Evaluation Kit (EK)` devices, where one is used as a transmitter and the other as a receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform a :term:`Packet Error Rate (PER)` measurement using the Radio test sample running on two nRF7002 :term:`Development Kit (DK)` or :term:`Evaluation Kit (EK)` devices, where one is used as a transmitter and the other as a receiver.
```

.. _ug_ble_radio_test_per_measurements:

Using the Bluetooth Low Energy Radio test for PER measurements
##############################################################

> .. contents::

Reviewer 2: Same as above
